Add Site affiliation post (#676)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/site-affiliation/index.md

    `chrome://settings/passwords`.
1.  Make sure your website's sign-in domain is available through HTTPS.

## Associate your two websites

1.  To declare that the website, for example
    `https://www.example.com,`can share credentials with
    `https://www.example.co.uk`, create a file named `assetlinks.json` with the
    following content:
    
    <br>
    
    ```json
    [{
      "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"],
      "target": {
        "namespace": "web",
        "site": "https://www.example.com"
      }
     },
    {
      "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"],
      "target": {
        "namespace": "web",
        "site": "https://www.example.co.uk"
      }
     }]
     ```
    
    <br>
    
    The `relation` field is an array of one or more strings that describe the
    relationship between the sites. For sites to share sign-in credentials,
    specify the string `delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds`.  
    The `target` field is an object that specifies the asset the declaration
    applies to. The following fields identify a website:
    
    <br>
    
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td><code>namespace</code></td>

>         <td>Must be web for websites.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Must be `web` for websites.</td>
```

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>site</code></td>
        <td>The website's URL, in the format
        <code>https://<strong>domain</strong>[:<strong>optional_port</strong>]</code>;
        for example, <code>https://www.example.com</code>.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>

    See the
    [Digital Asset Links reference](https://developers.google.com/digital-asset-links/v1/statements)
    for details.

> 1.  Host the Digital Assets Link JSON file at the following location on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Host the Digital Asset Links JSON file at the following location on
```

    the sign-in domain: `https://domain[:optional_port]/.well-known/assetlinks.json`.

    <br>

    In this example, the domain is `www.example.com`, so the JSON file should
    be hosted at `https://www.example.com/.well-known/assetlinks.json`.   

    <br>

>     The MIME type for the Digital Assets Link file needs to be JSON. Make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The MIME type for the Digital Asset Links file needs to be JSON. Make sure
```

    the server sends a `Content-Type: application/json` header in the response.

1.  To declare the association in both websites, host the
    `assetlinks.json `at `https://www.example.co.uk/.well-known/assetlinks.json`
    as well:

    <br>

    ```json
    [{
      "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"],
      "target": {
        "namespace": "web",
        "site": "https://www.example.com"
      }
     },
    {
      "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"],
      "target": {
        "namespace": "web",
        "site": "https://www.example.co.uk"
      }
     }]
     ```

1.  Ensure that your host permits Google to retrieve your Digital Asset

>     Link file. If you have a `robots.txt` file, it must allow the Googlebot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Links file. If you have a `robots.txt` file, it must allow the Googlebot
```

    agent to retrieve `/.well-known/assetlinks.json`. Most sites can simply
    allow any automated agent to retrieve files in the `/.well-known/` path so
    that other services can access the metadata in those files:

    <br>

    ```text
    User-agent: *
    Allow: /.well-known/
    ```

{% Aside %}
Be aware that once you set up a DAL file, it may take a while for Googlebot to fetch the
resource and recognize the association.
{% endAside %}

## Associate multiple websites with one another

You can associate multiple websites with one another by specifying each one in

> the Digital Assets Link file. For example, to associate the `example.com`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Digital Asset Links file. For example, to associate the `example.com`,
```

`example.co.uk, `and` example.co.jp`, specify all of those websites in the
`assetlinks.json` JSON file and host it on each website at
`https://EXAMPLE_DOMAIN_NAME/.well-known/assetlinks.json`.

```json
[{  
     "relation":[  
        "delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"  
     ],  
     "target":{  
        "site":"https://www.example.com",  
        "namespace":"web"  
     }  
  },  
  {  
     "relation":[  
        "delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"  
     ],  
     "target":{  
        "site":"https://www.example.co.uk",  
        "namespace":"web"  
     }  
  },  
  {  
     "relation":[  
        "delegate_permission/common.get_login_creds"  
     ],  
     "target":{  
        "site":"https://www.example.co.jp",  
        "namespace":"web"  
     }  
  }]
```

{% Aside %}

> You can use include statements if you need to issue statements from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [include statements](https://developers.google.com/digital-asset-links/v1/statements#scaling-to-dozens-of-statements-or-more) if you need to issue statements from
```
